five-thirty diesel guilty
power-steering works but it does have a
leak right at top probably that learn
here needs a seal on it or something we
put some feasts put some wood in it and
it does work
little rascal sounds good
it's got leaks around here there it's
probably use a nice restoration at least
somebody to give it a little TLC on some
of that we don't have time we're gonna
solve the way
just have a little diesel fuel leak
right around the pump and it does have a
few little hydraulic entire steering
leaks the PTO kicks on
pretty good around the whole tractors
indeed all the gears didn't
Zig see there's the little power
steering half the top here